Sir, tell me how did you like ICICI LBR?
ICICI LBAR futures have a sell call
with a stop loss of 1920
for a target of 1865 1845 as operationally numbers have
come in weak.  Profit has also been slightly below expectations.
Management confidence seems to be slightly lower regarding pricing pressure.
It seems that pricing pressure will continue.
So I think, and anyway,
stocks are not moving on good results these days, so they may
fall a little on weak results.  This has to be
seen.  Tata Alexa results are strong.   They are
looking quite good on every parameter.  There
is no problem.  Operational
performance is also quite good.  The stock has
shown very interesting moves
before the results.  Last 3 months
also saw 15% run in last 1 month.  So let's see
what happens now, a good move has come.
If the numbers are good.  There will be
profit booking at the top and if it comes down then one should
buy at the support level.  5700 and
5625 are two good supports for futures
and on the upside profit booking is possible around 5885 and 5920.